Hey, guys.
One last thing.
Before we wrap this project up, I wanted to show you how to create a fan icon so you might see these
icons up in the tab sometimes.
So I actually have in our project in images, I have a PNG file.
However, I'm going to convert it to an ISO file and there's a tool that I use to do that which is called
Dynamic Drive.
So if we search for a dynamic drive, fab icon, I don't know the exact URL.
So it's right here, the fab icon generator and I've used this for years.
So if we just go ahead and choose a file and I'm going to choose that PNG file and click create icon
and download the fab icon and it's going to be this icon file.
So I'm just going to go ahead and grab that and let me see it's grab my project and we'll put that.
We're going to put it right in the root, not in the images folder.
I'm going to put it right in the root.
So just drag that over.
So now we have that icon file and it also gives us the tag.
We just want this link tag.
We can go ahead and copy that and I'm going to put that in my index HTML, which I don't think I do
have it still open.
So I'm going to go up to the head here and put this right above my style sheets.
So we'll paste that in.
And then if we go back to our site and we just need to reload the cache.
So if you're on windows, I believe it's shift and F five.
If you're on a mac, it's going to be shift control, R reload.
And now you can see up here we have the little fab icon and of course you can use any image you want.
So I just wanted to throw that in.
It's something I forgot to mention.
And that's it.
Thanks.
I'll see you in the next section.